iOS READMEs - Cloud and Portal (#840)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Cloud & Portal/Token authentication/README.md

Access a web map that is secured with ArcGIS token-based authentication.

![Token Authentication sample](token-authentication.png)

## Use Case

Allows you to access a secure service with the convenience and security of ArcGIS token-based authentication. For example, rather than providing a user name and password every time you want to access a secure service, you only provide those creditials initially to obtain a token which then can be used to access secured resources.

## How to use the sample

> Once you launch the app, you will be challenged for an ArcGIS Online login to view the protected map service. Enter a user name and password for an ArcGIS Online named user account (such as your ArcGIS for Developers account). If you authenticate successfully, the protected map service will display in the map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon opening the sample, you will be challenged for an ArcGIS Online login to view the protected map service. Enter a user name and password for an ArcGIS Online named user account (such as your ArcGIS for Developers account). If you authenticate successfully, the protected map service will display in the map view.
```
